Hi all! Thank you for taking the time to look at my draft. For this argument preview, I chose to focus on some of the images I want to pull from for my final and play around with some different effects, though I’m not married to anything I have right now. For the background, I’m thinking I want the road ahead to look dark, potentially stormy, to represent post-graduation when loans start accumulating more interest and what not, and just the challenges with them after graduation. To initiate that idea, I decided to play around with a gradient and have the top half become darker, but I would love to learn of a more interesting way to do this.

I also selected the outline of the grads throwing their cap in the air for a layer. I decided to fill in the shape with black, because I think that’s more conducive to what I want to do with my text and indicate that millions of people take out loans. I’m open to playing around with other ways to fill those outlines, maybe with some kind of representation of how much money people take out, or a visual statistic like the one example we saw. I would love to get some feedback on this aspect!

The only other image layers I have right now are two road barriers, which are supposed to replicate the way loans can alter a trajectory post-graduation, maybe even going so far as to completely limit certain possibilities. I’m thinking that would be a more interesting place to lay down some visual representation of some stats, but I’m hesitant because they cover such a small surface area.

Since Tuesday, I started adding some text layers and playing around with fonts. I like the idea of having the $29,000 figure really loom ahead or to echo the emotion created by the physical barriers. I don't know how else to do that in this moment besides making it really big lol. I saw some pictures online where people have their text kind of blend into the image, so I'm definitely going to try to figure that out. Definitely open to other ideas on this as well!
